# therapy-recommendation-system
The patient dataset is one of the crucial part of our problem. We worked with a patient dataset which is formatted with JSON. A patient is an entity who has a unique identifier as well as a collection of attributes in ["name":"Value"] pair. These patient is also have some other attributes such as (Conditions, Therapies), both having several attributes with key:value pairs. An illness is respect to a condition and doctor have designed therapies to treat them. These conditions can be short term or long term. When a patient suffering from illness, doctors suggest therapy checked by the condition. A trial has been applied to a specific patient for a particular condition, that is called therapy. The trial which is a tuple <t, p, date, params, success>. Here, t is a therapy, p is a patient, date is applied as a time, and params is a set of attribute in <name:value> pairs that describe the therapy. A patient has a condition. Under every condition a sequence of therapies are suggested as trials. These trials are performs in every patients dif- ferently based on specific condition. In trials, there is a parameter named successful which indicates the percentage of the efficiency of a therapy for a specific condition. May a patient don’t have a trial if a condition is found but not treated yet. Therefore, we have implemented a recommender system that will suggest a ef- ficient therapy for a patient’s trial best matched with the specific condition which is uncured. Given the following inputs:
